>> Mathew DesLauriers: So
I thought that was really cool and
I thought there's just
a really good analogy here.
And a really good common
theme with generative art and
with creative coding and
with creating artworks using instructions.
>> Mathew DesLauriers: And I actually,
as an exercise, take a set of instructions
that I created In the same sort of theme
as just using some basic constructions.
Mine are probably a little
more detailed than but
the same idea is just to come up
with a grid of evenly spaced points.
I drew a little thing here on the side and
to select two points and
connect them to form
a line between two points.
And then with those two points
you just draw lines down,
you end up creating a trapezoid.
And with that trapezoid you can
fill it with the different color,
maybe using some of the same
stuff we were doing already.
You can stroke it with the same
color as the background.
And then again, you do that same thing
in a loop or in a while function,
just selecting another two points at
random that haven't been selected yet.
And you end up doing that over and
over again and
you create many different shapes.
I've only done it here twice, but
in your artwork, you could do that
through the entire grid and you'd end up
with many different overlapping images.
And then one thing is, if you do that,
you'll notice maybe there's a random
assortment, a random arrangement.
And you can sort them all by the average
Y position of the two grid points.
And you end up with
this nice distribution,
almost like a city skyline or
something like that, where.
The smaller ones are a little
bit closer to the front and
the bigger ones are a bit
closer to the end.
And so I wanted this to be an exercise for
us to try and work on.
Also, if you're feeling a bit overwhelmed,
you can just continue working and
remixing and
tweaking some of what we're doing already.
Maybe using some different
unicode symbols.
Or just chill out, that's okay too.
But if you're feeling ambitious,
if you wanna start from something,
this is what I would recommend.
This is something that I
also did in my own time.
And after the break, I'll show you my
results and we can start to compare and
see and just like we saw Louie's work.
Everyone is gonna end up with different
results depending on how they interpret
the instructions and depending on
the colors they choose, and so on.